Instructor: Welcome back.
In this step we are going to create a STS Azure IAM role
for code build to interact with AWS EKS.
So code build will be a service
which will be doing our build docker image build
and then also doing the respective deployment
to our EKS cluster.
So to do that so it needs some additional information.
So let's see, what are those?
So in an AWS code pipeline
we are going to use code build
to deploy changes to our Kubernetes manifests.
So this requires an AWS IAM role
capable of interacting with EKS cluster.
So in this step we are going to create an IAM role
and an inline policy
which will have the EKS described permission
that we will use in code build stage
to interact with the EKS cluster via kubectl.
So to do so, we need to perform the following steps, okay?
So we are going to export our account ID.
So you need to replace your account ID here.
You can find your account ID in different ways.
Usually the easiest way for you,
is like you can go here to billing and then also find it
but you can open any one of the rules, okay?
So whatever the rules,
whatever you have created EKS, CTL right?
So, and if we can open any one of our EKS CTL roles,
example our node group role
so you can find our account ID here.
So your account id
you can put it here whenever you are doing it.
Okay? So export your account id, right?
Copy and then let me clear this stuff
and then paste it right?
And next thing is to create trust policy.
Okay? So I'm going to get
entire this root principle trust values here.
Okay? So let me copy this entire trust policy stuff here.
So paste it and once you have done that
so you need to replace with the account ID information.
So that's the reason what you need to do is
you can verify whether it has replaced it or not.
Okay? So you can see that my account
it is replaced inside that, good.
So now we are going to create
a IAM role EKS code build kubectl role.
So which is nothing but EKS code build kubectl role.
So let's go ahead and then create that now.
So once it is created we can get the AR and app that, right?
So you can make a note of this if you want to
why, because we are going to leverage this AR later
so you can use this later.
So let's make a note of it.
Okay? So I'll come back here
and we will define a inline policy stating EKS describe
and then we'll push that
to a simple IAM EKS describe policy file here.
Okay? So it'll go inside a file, right?
Dot complete JSON
and then I'm going to associate that inline policy
to the newly created EKS code build kubectl role.
So let me go there, copy and then associate that.
Okay? So once the association is completed
let's go back to our IAM management console
go to roles and then type for EKS.
And if you want,
we can even search for our director role name here, right?
So this is the role name, whatever we have created.
Okay? So come here and refresh once, right?
And such for this role here.
Okay? So it got created
and if you see that role
it has the root path here, okay?
And one important thing here is
it has the EKS describe thing, okay?
So permission's related to EKS describe thing.
So now let's go back here, right?
So we have successfully created
the SDS Azure IAM role, right?
So now update the EKS cluster AWS art config map
with this new role created in the previous steps.
So in in EKS cluster we'll have something
called config map named AWS auth.
So inside that, whatever the role we have created
we need to update it inside the EKS cluster.
So let's go ahead and then do that.
So we are going to verify what is presenting
AWS auth config map
before the change whatever we are going to perform.
So let's go ahead and then see this now.
So it has something called a username
with the system role, EC2 private DNS.
And the role ARN is going to be our node group role
which is our EC2 instances, private instances,
whatever we have created
right inside the IAM, inside the EC2.
If you see this is the node group,
private node group for our EKS cluster, right?
So with two nodes,
it's equivalent role currently we are seeing
inside the AWS auth config map.
So these are the instances, right?
For them whatever the role you see here.
So it starts, which ends with nine F zero y.
Okay? So the same thing, you will find it here.
Okay? So it means like the username
is system notes related stuff
and then it it belongs to system notes group
and then system bootstrappers group.
So now whatever we are planning to create, right?
So it is going to be for system masters, okay?
So the role ARN is so and so whatever
EKS code build kubectl role
and the username is build
and then groups it will belong to system master.
So this is the complete thing, okay?
So if you have already in the same terminal,
then not an issue.
If not, then one more time export your account ID
and then set the role value here.
So append whatever is there.
So you need to have the spaces, all these things as is.
So paste it, enter right?
And now get the current AWS config map data
and attach a new role info to it
and then place it in AWS art patch dot yaml.
Here the role data will be replaced.
So let's go here and then run this command directly, right?
AWS art patch dot.
Yeah, right?
So done.
That's good.
So now let's cube C with cube CTL patch
patch the config map AWS art.
So with the file, whatever we have created
if you want you can go ahead and then see what is present
inside that file before applying the patch.
So earlier you have seen
only here this level of information, right?
So now you have additional information here
with username is build
and the group, he belongs to his system masters
and the role here
and he's going to use his EKS code built kubectl role.
That's what we are going to apply now.
Okay, so let me copy this
and then paste it so that it'll be applied.
So once applied, captured,
so I'm going to say clear and then verify the same.
It is present in our EKS cluster, now right?
So that's good.
It's applied for us.
So now one thing important here is these two things.
These two steps looks little confusing
but if you need more information about it
you need to read a lot about your STS Azure role
and then SDS related troubleshooting guide also with IAM.
Okay? So in detail,
if you want to understand lots of stuff here,
you need to learn lots of stuff
but the concept goes very big.
And then in stuff focusing on DevOps
we'll go and then focus on IAM related stuff here.
So that's the reason I'm not going into too much deep
but I have ensure that the steps,
whatever created out of the box
with just copy, paste will work for you.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
In the next lecture,
we'll focus on reviewing the bill spec dot yaml
and then other stuff.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.